README.md, before:

# Python Bot for Tweeting Pictures of Fish

Tweets a random photo of fish or fishing every hour on the hour from [@fishpoasting](https://twitter.com/fishpoasting)

Current list of photo sources:
- [NOAA Photo Library](https://photolib.noaa.gov/Collections) (n=444)
- [University of Washington Digital Collections](https://digitalcollections.lib.washington.edu) (n=452)
- [Ernst Mayr Library, Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/search/?text=%20Ernst%20Mayr%20Library%20ichthyology) (n=2457)
- [Bella Coola Valley Museum, B.C. Central Coast Archives](https://northshorefisheries.net/) (n=41)
- [Canadian Great Lakes North Shore Fisheries Archive](https://www.bellacoolamuseum.ca/) (n=48)
- [Royal British Columbia Museum Archives](https://search-bcarchives.royalbcmuseum.bc.ca/) (n=441)
- [History of the Pacific Halibut Fishery by William F. Thomson and Norman L. Freeman (1930)](https://iphc.int/uploads/pdf/sr/IPHC-1930-SR005.pdf) (n=18)
- [Visboek (Fish Book) by Adriaen Coenen (1580)](https://www.loc.gov/item/2021668059) (n=17)
- [Gyotaku: The Art and Technique of the Japanese Fish Print by Yoshio Hiyama (1964)](https://archive.org/embed/gyotakuarttech00hiya) (n=14)
- [Gyotaku Flickr Group](https://www.flickr.com/groups/gyotaku/) (n=34)
- [British Columbia Regional Digitized History](https://bcrdh.ca/) (n=388), which contains:
	- Boundary Museum and Archives (n=8)
	- Chase & District Museum & Archives (n=11)
	- Enderby and District Museum and Archives (n=6)
	- Falkland Historical Society (n=6)
    - Fernie & District Historical Society (n=2) 
	- Golden Museum and Archives (n=6)
	- Greater Vernon Museum and Archives (n=124)
	- Greenwood Museum (n=4)
	- Hedley Museum (n=19)
	- Historic O'Keefe Ranch (n=5) 
	- Kettle River Museum (n=3) 
	- Kootenay Lake Historical Society (n=4) 
	- Lake Country Museum and Archives  (n=26)
	- Lumby and District Museum  (n=1)
	- Nelson Museum, Archives and Gallery  (n=3)
	- Nicola Valley Museum & Archives  (n=29)
	- Nikkei Internment Memorial Centre (n=4)
	- Revelstoke Museum & Archives (n=23)
	- Revelstoke Railway Museum (n=1)
	- Salmon Arm Museum and Archives (n=3)
   	- Sicamous and District Museum and Historical Society (n=7)
	- Silvery Slocan Historical Society (n=12)
	- Slocan Valley Historical Society (n=38)
	- South Similkameen Museum (n=2)
	- Summerland Museum and Archives (n=2)
	- Trail Historical Society (n=15)
   	- UBC Okanagan Library - Okanagan Special Collections 
(n=11)
	- Windermere Valley Museum (n=7)

Commit message:

Fixed bug in Poissons book2

README.md, after:

# Python Bot for Tweeting Pictures of Fish

Tweets a random photo of fish or fishing every hour on the hour from [@fishpoasting](https://twitter.com/fishpoasting)

Current list of photo sources:
- [NOAA Photo Library](https://photolib.noaa.gov/Collections) (n=444)
- [University of Washington Digital Collections](https://digitalcollections.lib.washington.edu) (n=452)
- [Ernst Mayr Library, Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/search/?text=%20Ernst%20Mayr%20Library%20ichthyology) (n=2457)
- [Bella Coola Valley Museum, B.C. Central Coast Archives](https://northshorefisheries.net/) (n=41)
- [Canadian Great Lakes North Shore Fisheries Archive](https://www.bellacoolamuseum.ca/) (n=48)
- [Royal British Columbia Museum Archives](https://search-bcarchives.royalbcmuseum.bc.ca/) (n=441)
- [History of the Pacific Halibut Fishery by William F. Thomson and Norman L. Freeman (1930)](https://iphc.int/uploads/pdf/sr/IPHC-1930-SR005.pdf) (n=18)
- [Visboek (Fish Book) by Adriaen Coenen (1580)](https://www.loc.gov/item/2021668059) (n=17)
- [Poissons d’eau douce du Canada (Freshwater Fish of Canada) by André-Napoléon Montpetit (1897)](https://www.biodiversitylibrary.org/item/45738)
- [Gyotaku: The Art and Technique of the Japanese Fish Print by Yoshio Hiyama (1964)](https://archive.org/embed/gyotakuarttech00hiya) (n=14)
- [Gyotaku Flickr Group](https://www.flickr.com/groups/gyotaku/) (n=34)
- [British Columbia Regional Digitized History](https://bcrdh.ca/) (n=388), which contains:
	- Boundary Museum and Archives (n=8)
	- Chase & District Museum & Archives (n=11)
	- Enderby and District Museum and Archives (n=6)
	- Falkland Historical Society (n=6)
    - Fernie & District Historical Society (n=2) 
	- Golden Museum and Archives (n=6)
	- Greater Vernon Museum and Archives (n=124)
	- Greenwood Museum (n=4)
	- Hedley Museum (n=19)
	- Historic O'Keefe Ranch (n=5) 
	- Kettle River Museum (n=3) 
	- Kootenay Lake Historical Society (n=4) 
	- Lake Country Museum and Archives  (n=26)
	- Lumby and District Museum  (n=1)
	- Nelson Museum, Archives and Gallery  (n=3)
	- Nicola Valley Museum & Archives  (n=29)
	- Nikkei Internment Memorial Centre (n=4)
	- Revelstoke Museum & Archives (n=23)
	- Revelstoke Railway Museum (n=1)
	- Salmon Arm Museum and Archives (n=3)
   	- Sicamous and District Museum and Historical Society (n=7)
	- Silvery Slocan Historical Society (n=12)
	- Slocan Valley Historical Society (n=38)
	- South Similkameen Museum (n=2)
	- Summerland Museum and Archives (n=2)
	- Trail Historical Society (n=15)
   	- UBC Okanagan Library - Okanagan Special Collections 
(n=11)
	- Windermere Valley Museum (n=7)
